---
draft: false
title: To-do Lst
date: 2025-02-06
tags:
---

1. Important and Urgent
	1. [[Upload Book|Upload Book Function (Must have both Single Upload and Bulk Upload)]]
	2. [[Book Profile]]
	3. [[Prioritization Algorithm|Prioritization Algorithm]]
	4. Tags 
	5. Filtered Library Path
-----
1. Important but not Urgent
	1. Search Function
	2. Sign Out Accessibility
	3. Library Page Layout
		1. The Format, Status and Tags on left bar (turn it into the right sidebar instead, make it have a border?)
--------
1. 
--------
2. Miscellaneous:
	1. Support page (Notion Page)
	2. Feedback (the app)
-------
-

Great, I've tried the changes, but it doesn't seems to work.  
  
There are few issues that we have:  
1. Book Upload
	1. Uploading a single book through Manual Entry, still doesn't work. There's no POST API even triggered, when I click upload book.  
	2. Books metadata extraction is limited to only Title. (The metadata extraction should also extract the author's name, pages, publication year). It would also be great, if the system clean up the extraction aswell (meaning complete the Title, clean up the title formatting).  
	3. ~~The Additional Details at the Upload Form, still broken (When I click Toggle, the form go beyond their border, and uncapable to scroll down properly)~~  
2. Book Profile
	1. The Book URL is great, now when user click the book URL, they will go to the book profile. However the Edit Details at the top of the Book Profile, should persist even when the user change the tab to Metadata and Recommendation.  
	2. There is still no way user can update their Tag, that don't seems to work. (There's no UI to this even)  
	3. Editing data inside the Book Profile Edit Details, don't reflect at the back-end. There's no real updating.  
	4. There's no way user can change the status (unread, reading, completed)  
	5. Recommendation System at the Book Profile don't work, yes user can input data, but when user click Submit. The Data don't even send at the back-end, and not stored properly, then after storing it, it should also display the recommendation.  
3. Library Page
	1. At the library page/ the sidebar on the right, that provide filtering function, still have mock data of tags, let's remove that, and start implementing a proper tag fetching, for filtering. It also don't seems to work properly. We can't do a proper filtering there.