---
draft: false
title: Thought Process
date: 2025-02-08
tags:
---



Back-end:
1. Database Schema must be correct. We need to implement the auth RLS properly, to ensure user can only access their own data.
2. To ensure our Book Profile and Upload Book component is up to standard, we have to ensure the database are capable to handle storage and savings of these data.
3. Remove mock data, to start using proper data. To start a proper data, we need to come up with an accurate data that would resemble the action user would take, to ensure this we have to ensure the database schema is correct

To implement search function, it's the best if the search item is already existed, so pre-requisite of implementing search function would be, capable to upload book first.

To capable to upload book, we have to ensure our Book Profile and Upload Book component is up to standard first. 
- Auto-detect Title, Publish date, etc if exist. 
- Can add a book without having the book file.




We recently remove the mock data ata our homepage, whereby the can setup their own mission board, challenges, see their activity feed (their recent book, highlight showcases here) and their reading stats.  
  
Let's improve the component one by one.  
  
First, the mission board and active challenge should be able for user to customize, we currently don't have that.



Database Schema




Once we improve the bulk upload etc, we will indirectly improve the database aswell. During this, we can start uploading few books.

After that, it's easier to work on the function to update reading stat, and activity feed.

